# **Bug Overview & Details**

Bug Number: [1359030](https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/show_bug.cgi?id=1359030)

## **Diagnosis**
The issue presented in this bug is some images, particularly image files with the .svg extension, use an ancient attribute of linking a resource as a reference in the image; this attribute is called "xlink:href". Although this works as intended in these files, the W3C completely overhauled the specification of SVG, from version 1.2 to 2.0 and one of the changes listed in this new standard is the removal of this attribute; its replacement is simply called "href". Even though most of the elements in Firefox are using the new standard, some elements still continue to use "xlink:href" and this bug highlights this issue. Addressing this bug would prevent compatbility issues from arising on future versions of the web browser. 


## **Proposed Solution**
The first step to resolving this problem is to search for all SVG files that use the "xlink:href" attribute. Fortunately, one of the moderators provided me with a [link](https://dxr.mozilla.org/mozilla-central/search?q=%27xlink%3Ahref%27+-path%3Atest+file%3A.svg&redirect=false) that filters out files based on whether it has this piece of code or not. The next step is to simply replace that attribute with the current standard and rerun the tests. Due to the immense number of files using the deprecated attribute, I decided to restrict my solution to the "browser" directory.  


## **Testing Procedure**

<Place content here>

## **Screenshots**

<Place content here>

